# Orbit Polaris: Your guiding star to navigating your early career and expanding your network. 

Polaris allows students to connect with mentors that have experience finding co-ops, networking with employers, and establishing a career post-grad. Mentors and mentees are matched based on their area of study and interests, so that mentees receive advice from graduates working in their desired field with experience looking for the same co-ops and job opportunities. These mentor-mentee relationships are matched by advisors from Northeastern who oversee all matches and support mentors in assisting students. Advisors also work with employers looking for co-ops by creating network events for students and employers to connect. Employers can use Polaris to easily find students by matching their experience and interests to open positions. 

#### Polaris supports students, graduates, advisors, and employers in finding support resources, applying to and filling positions, and growing their career network.

## Mentee Resources and Functionality
Mentees are students looking for co-ops or other job opportunities that need support from students that have been through the process before. Mentees are connected with mentors in their same field of study who have searched for the same co-ops before and know how to navigate the search, application, and interview processes. Mentees can chat with mentors for advice, interview help, or just general advice.
Mentees can also build a public profile including a profile photo, basic information like their school and major, a resume, and a biography talking about their particular interests not necessarily reflected in their resume. This functionality allows them to be noticed by employers and enhance their job applications by including more information than just their resume like traditional application portals. Mentees can also apply to positions directly through Polaris, keeping all of their resources in the same place. 